Hi Guys,
      Today we will be discussing about MLOps strategy and updates around the same. As discussed previous by Chris, we are building out a mechanism for our ML Engineers that will allow us to bring models, datasets and other artifacts from an external source like huggingface so that they can perform necessary experiments on these artifacts to choose the right models for a specific business requirement. This system will ensure that we can bring artifacts responsibly in bank network while minimizing risk. So, let's look at how are we trying to achieve this.

We will be building this in Oculus Infrastructure. So, once a user logs in, Oculus will pull that user's entitlement and if that user has a ml engineer entitlement then we will show the user model request\download screen. 

The user will need to pass details like model name, model repository on the request page. Once user makes that request, another user with an approver access will approve it and allow downloading that model. Once the user approves it, an oculus java service will make fetch models from the source hub across the web proxy. It will also register the model in ML Flow registry for tracking purposes. The ML Flow server would be present on the oculus as different docker image than the download register service. These models will then be stored on the 2 TB NAS mount.

To achieve, we are currently in talks with Infrastructure Architects. We have setup the 2 TB NAS mount and created the service id to access the NAS mount. We are discussing our options for setting up the web proxy and NAS mount mapping on the server. To download these model artifacts, we also are setting git lfs on the service image. The Oculus Model Download and Registry service is currently a work in progress. We are currently researching the docker image setup for the ML Flow Server. 

In this final slide, you will see that users will be able to connect to the ML Flow server from their location machine. However, this will be limited only to the users who are ML engineer access. We are looking at the option of custom authentication to enable this mechanism but the design for that is yet to be finalized. That is all that I had for you guys. Does anyone has any questions on this system. 
